1) Write a java program to reverse a String without using reverse() method.

Input : tekleads
Output: sdaelket

2) Write a java program to reverse each word of a String

input : java programming language

output : avaj gnimmargorp egaugnal

3) Write a java program to find occurance of duplicate character in given String. If there is no duplicate character in given String it should print 'No Duplicates Found'.

input : java 
output : a-2
Explanation : a-occured 2 times

input : madam
output: m-2 & a-2
Explanation : m occured two times & a occured 2 times

4) Write a java program to find first non-repeated character from given String

input : simplest
ouput : i

5) Write a java program to remove all special characters from given String

input : $ja!va$&st%ar
output : javastar

6) Write a java program to find two strings are anagrams to each other or not.

Anagram : Two words are said to be Anagrams of each other if they share the same set of letters to form the respective words.

input1 : silent 
input2 : listen

output : Given Strings Are Anagrams

7) write a java program that can check given string has matching pair of parentheses or not.

Ex : () has matching parenthesis, but (() doesn’t

Input : [()]{}{[()()]()}
Output : Matching

Input: [(])
Output: Not Matching

8) Write a java program to read a string and a substring from user. 
Then write the logic to print the number of times that the substring occurs in the given string. 

Note: String traversal will take place from left to right, not 
from right to left.

Input String : ABCDCDC
Input Sub-String : CDC
Output : 2  
Explantation : CDC occured twice in given string

9) Write a java program to swap cases of characters in given string (Convert lowercase character to uppercase character and vise versa)

input : Www.TekLeads.com
output : wWW.tEKlEADS.COM

10) Write a java program to read String s and width w. Then implement logic to wrap String text into paragraph of width w.

input : ABCDEFGHIJKLIMNOQRSTUVWXYZ
width : 4

Output : 
ABCD
EFGH
IJKL
IMNO
QRST
UVWX
YZ

Explanation : As width is 4, paragraph aligned with 4 characters


